Palestinian paramedics say that at least
five people have been killed in an
Israeli military operation in the
occupied West Bank the Israeli military
said it was carrying out a
counterterrorism operation in the area
and struck an armed terrorist cell while
the Palestinian red Cresent said that a
drone had been used this is just days
after the largest Israeli military
operation in the West Bank since the
Hamas attacks on October the 7th our
correspondent Daniel desimon is in
Jerusalem and he told us more about this
overnight operation
well so as you say this took place
overnight and the Palestinian red
cresant say that five people were killed
uh various Palestinian channels are
naming naming the the dead and saying
that they're all uh men uh the
Palestinian red cresant said it's
recovered the bodies and and their
bodies and taking them to hospital and
it described them dying in an Israeli
drone strike now the Israeli Defense
Forces has confirmed it conducted a
military operation overnight it
described it as a counter terrorist
operation and said uh an aircraft had
struck what it described as an armed
terrorist cell um this is all comes as
part of a context of a large uh
operation by the Israeli military in the
West Bank that started quite recently um
it's the largest operation in the
occupied West Bank since the October 7th
attacks by Hamas last year and a
previous statement by the Palestinian
Health Ministry said in this uh recent
operation at least 39 had people had
been killed uh including some children
um given that five people have died
overnight I think that number number
will rise and certainly since uh the
attacks of the 7th of October last year
uh the Palestinian Health Ministry says
over 690 Palestinians have been killed
and Daniel just in a separate incident
this one in Gaza Israel's Army is saying
that one of its helicopters crashed in
Gaza just what more do we know about
that
so this has just been announced by the
uh the Israeli Defense Forces uh within
the last hour they say that overnight
they had a helicopter that was part
taking part in operation to evacuate an
injured soldier that the helicopter
crashed in in in the rougher area of the
Gaza Strip and that during this crash uh
two soldiers were killed uh and that
seven others were injured to varying
degrees and that those seven were uh
taken to hospital now the military say
that the indication so far that the
helicopter did not crash as a result of
enemy fire but they say that an investig
you know an inquiry will take place into
how this happened and how the crash
occurred Daniel DeSimone in Jerusalem